[TextContainer] Fix child specificity for margin-top (#1357)
Shopify/polaris-react: UNRELEASED.md

- Fixed selected state for date picker in windows high contrast mode ([#1342](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1342))
- Added background into media query for Microsoft high contrast to fix skeleton accessibility. ([#1341](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1341))

> - Fix specificity for child selector in TextContainer ([#1357](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1357))

Reviewer: May I suggest a more descriptive changelog entry?

```suggestion
- Fixed a regression introduced in Polaris v3 where certain children of a `TextContainer` would miss their top margin ([#1357](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1357))
```
